Updates on approval workflow (#171)
ClouDesire/docusaurus: docs/approval-workflow.md

## Exceptions

In the *Channel Management* scenario, if a Reseller places an order on behalf of
a Customer by using the specific functionality available on his Control Panel, 

> the platform can be configured in order to make the order automatically approved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the platform can be configured to make the order automatically approved or not.
```
